Who is fighting?
Isn't this Lord Long Shuai?
Don't reveal my identity
So as not to cause panic
I don't understand.
Captain, I was molested
This pervert just molested me
My boyfriend was beaten by him to protect me
You have to call the shots for us
Yeah, he sees my girlfriend. She's pretty.
Mocking him to see what he did to him
Ask the elephant to point out why he is in charge?
Claims that he was molested
Can anyone testify?
Me
He just wants to touch people because they are beautiful
Excuse me?
I'm his wife.
I don't think my husband's taste is so bad
Can see you
With such a beautiful wife at home
Ugly girl like him
Even if it is upside down, I am afraid that others will not look down on it.
Little bitch, it's just that her skin is a little whiter than mine
Eyes are a little bigger than mine
In better shape than me
What's so great about it?
captain
This foreigner stole our car
And he almost pushed me over.
This young man
Just help me get an explanation